Site
====

repository: sproogen/resume-theme \# favicon: images/favicon.ico

Personal info
=============

name: Theodoros Georgakopoulos title: Computer Engineer email:
tgeorgako\@gmail.com website: tgeorgako.github.io/ PDF:
https://tgeorgako.github.io/resume.pdf

Social links
============

twitter\_username:
==================

github\_username: tgeorgako \# dribbble\_username: jekyll \#
facebook\_username: jekyll \# flickr\_username: jekyll
\#instagram\_username: chillwildlife linkedin\_username:
theodoros-georgakopoulos \# pinterest\_username: jekyll
\#youtube\_username: globalmtb \# googleplus\_username: +jekyll

About Section
=============

about\_title: About Me
======================

about\_profile\_image: images/profile.jpg about\_content: \| \# this
will include new lines to allow paragraphs Hi, my name is Theodoros
Georgakopoulos and I am a computer engineer. I enjoy building and
troubleshooting systems and creating applications. Throughout my career
I have worked at many companies and institutions gaining teamwork and
leadership skills.

I am most skilled in building websites and handling complicated IT
problems.

Education Section
=================

educaton\_title: Education
==========================

Education\_content: - layout: left name: University of Patras
qualification: Diploma, Department of Computer Engineering & Informatics
quote: \> The Computer Engineering & Informatics Department (CEID) of
the Engineering School of the University of Patras was founded in 1979.
The department's mission is to provide education and research in the
broad field of Computer Science and Engineering (CS&E), Communications
and Informatics. description: \| \# this will include new lines to allow
paragraphs During my time at CEID I learnt most of my key skills that
have I have taken through my career such as teamwork and working to
tight deadlines. During my student years, I have successfully completed
a number of projects while developing my skills.

-   layout: left name: University of Patras dates: 2019 - Present
    qualification: MSc Human-Computer Interaction description: \| \#
    this will include new lines to allow paragraphs The objective of the
    Masters Program is to provide specialized theoretical and applied
    knowledge on concepts related to the study, design and development
    of interactive technologies, i.e. technologies that interact with
    their users, as well as the study of phenomena related to
    interaction of users with modern technologies.

foreignlanguages Section
========================

foreignlanguages\_title: Foreign Languages
==========================================

foreignlanguages\_content: - layout: left name: English qualification:
Level C2 description: \| \# this will include new lines to allow
paragraphs Certificate of Proficiency in English (ECPE), University of
Michigan

-   layout: left name: French qualification: Level B2 description: \| \#
    this will include new lines to allow paragraphs DELF 1er degré
    (UNITES A1, A2, A3, A4)

Experience Section
==================

experience\_title: Experience
=============================

Experience\_content: - layout: left company: Municipality of Kalavryta
job\_title: IT specialist dates: 2018 - Present description: \| \# this
will include new lines to allow paragraphs IT support, network
administration and customer support.

-   layout: left company: Phonedoctor.gr link: Phonedoctor.gr
    job\_title: Computer hardware repair technician dates: 2014 -
    Present description: \| \# this will include new lines to allow
    paragraphs IT support in computer and network systems, cell phones

-   layout: left company: e-socials.gr link: e-socials.gr job\_title:
    Web developer dates: 2016 - 2018 description: \| \# this will
    include new lines to allow paragraphs Web design and management,
    social media and web advertising.

-   layout: left company: Hlektroniki Riou job\_title: Computer hardware
    repair technician dates: 2013 - 2017 description: \| \# this will
    include new lines to allow paragraphs IT support in computer and
    network systems, CCTV and alarm security, satellite and digital TV.

-   layout: left company: OTE, Hellenic Telecommunications Organisation
    S.A. job\_title: Telephone Service Representative dates: 2008 - 2009
    description: \| \# this will include new lines to allow paragraphs
    Customer service, IT support

More Section
============

more\_title: Skills
===================

more\_content: \| \# this will include new lines to allow paragraphs -
Excellent use and support of operating systems, office applications and
services (MS Windows, Linux, MacOS, MS Office). - Digital Marketing
(Google Adwords, Business Facebook). - Excellent use and configuration
of smartphone software iOS, Android, Windows Mobile. - Technical support
for computers and mobile systems telephones, closed surveillance
systems, telephony. - Programming knowledge (PHP, Javascipt, Java,
Matlab). - Communication and teamwork skills - Website Design and
Management (Plesk, Wordpress, HTML5, CSS, Javascript, MySQL) - Driving
licence B

Footer
======

footer\_show\_references: true

Build settings
==============

remote\_theme: sproogen/resume-theme

sass: sass\_dir: \_sass style: compressed

plugins: - jekyll-seo-tag
